Update about.qmd (#307)
The-Strategy-Unit/data_science: about.qmd

- [Tom Jemmett](https://github.com/tomjemmett)
- [YiWen Hon](https://github.com/yiwen-h)

> The team has a wealth of experience in productionising models and other products in the cloud for use by a wide range of users across health and care. This is demonstrated in particular in our work with the New Hospital Programme where we have built and deployed a sophisticated probabilistic demand and capacity model and supported the use of its outputs across the decision making stages which make up the path to building a new hospital. The data science team has expertise across the breadth of data science activity, for example statistics, machine learning, natural language processing, and real-time evidence mapping. We also have significant experience sharing our methods and code open-source as well as training others in the use of these tools and in foundational data science concepts and practice. Our experience in developing scalable data science solutions and open-sourcing them for the benefit of users across health and care makes us valuable across the life cycle of a project from design through deployment and adoption.

Reviewer: Asked chatgpt to check this paragraph. It's suggested a few minor tweaks:

```suggestion
The team has a wealth of experience in deploying models and other products to the cloud for use by a wide range of users across health and care. This is particularly demonstrated in our work with the New Hospital Programme, where we built and deployed a sophisticated probabilistic demand and capacity model and supported the use of its outputs across the decision-making stages that lead to the construction of a new hospital. The data science team possesses expertise across the breadth of data science activity — for example, statistics, machine learning, natural language processing, and real-time evidence mapping. We also have significant experience in sharing our methods and code as open-source, as well as in training others to use these tools and understand foundational data science concepts and practices. Our experience in developing scalable data science solutions, and open-sourcing them for the benefit of users across health and care, enables us to contribute meaningfully at every stage of a project’s life cycle — from design through to deployment and adoption.
```
